On the shore of the Oohara, the night sky is blue after the summer storm.
The deep green of the night sky is covered by the stars.
The depth of the overlapping stars is unknown.
In the clear green sky, which is separated from the low and high stars,
the night sky is illuminated by the dark green, and the stars of the night pass through it.
In the程度高いdasu and brokerage, and wafer- irre precisely cames the sound of
falling leaves the dry and soft leaves the zeitgeist,
the
In the spring sky above,
stars are sleeping in the depths of the darkness.
In Toyosaka, Mejiro-dai,
a single high chimney is smoking.
Masaoki, who looks over the hill,
sees the smoke of the chimney.
While watching the smoke,
he goes up.
In the morning of the first summer evening,
he touches the chimney.
He says,
What are you laughing at?
I pray for my personality.
Brothers are people who are distant from others.
How can I complain?